[Music]
the abundance of krill attracts other
visitors to the peninsula in the summer
Antarctic minke whales their pointed
heads and short dorsal fins give them
speed and endurance and they need both
there are other whales here two killers
this is an extended family of mothers
and their young and one male with a huge
dorsal fin almost 2 meters high
[Music]
ellone minke whale
it's just what this group of killer
whales are looking for working as a team
as they have done for decades they fan
out across the street in search of their
quarry and they found it the minke races
away pursued by out riders on each flank
[Music]
terrified the minke heads from the shore
it's so desperate to escape it almost
beaches itself
it makes a desperate break for freedom
[Music]
[Applause]
two hours and 20 miles later the minke
is still alive and swimming strongly
it's only real defense is its endurance
but the killer's work as a team with
fresh ones replacing the outriders in
relays
and as the minke tires the battery and
the biting begins
[Music]
[Applause]
seabirds are attracted by the smell of
fresh blood rising from the water
[Music]
The Killers tried to flip the minke over
if they can manage to keep its blowhole
underwater it will drown
[Music]
one forces that make his whole body down
below the surface
[Music]
and then the final strike
the team dragged the minke under for the
last time and the hunters finally can
feed a giant prehistoric looking bird a
shoe bill standing well over a meter
tall she roams these swamps trying to
catch
[Music]
not exactly what she was after deeper
into the swamp lies the reason for all
this fishing this chick is just three
weeks old and a little bit wobbly on its
feet
its vast bill means it has trouble
balancing it won't be able to fly or
even walk properly for several weeks
[Music]
it's entirely reliant on its pans for
food and water
[Music]
there is also a smaller chick who isn't
doing so well
the larger chick pestis its mother for a
drink while she goes off to fetch water
it reveals a dark side to the
relationship with it's an estimate
it's three days older than the other
chick and has always won the race for
food and attention
this is more than just a scrap between
two siblings
as their mother returns she sees what
the larger chick has done
the smaller chick seeks its mother's
comfort
but she has already made her choice
only her firstborn will get a drink
this is going to be the end of the road
for a lot of salmon these bears are
really hungry
they haven't tasted salmon for ten
months and the big males battle for the
best fishing spots
the longer the salmon take over their
journey upstream the weaker they become
and these Falls present them with their
biggest challenge yet
although the Falls aren't very tall the
bears hold the high ground
the salmon makes short exploratory leaps
to see where the Bears are
but they don't always get it right
this mother bear has been waiting months
for this moment competition is fierce
for these first salmon even between a
mother and her own comes
more and more fish arrived at the foot
of the falls
eventually they have to go for it
regardless of the danger
[Music]
but numbers are on their side for every
salmon that gets caught hundreds make it
past the Bears even when more sea lions
arrive they can't seem to break down the
sardines coordinated defenses
[Music]
with a shoal this big the sea lions need
to isolate a smaller more manageable
human fish
[Music]
but with so few predators the fish still
have the advantage
[Music]
[Applause]
all the sea lions can do is keep the
sardines at the surface and wait for
others to join them
[Music]
to none
their arrival changes everything
[Music]
[Applause]
tuna attacked from below cutting off the
sardines escape route down to deeper
water
[Applause]
[Music]
next to appear shearwaters excellent
fliers but also surprisingly agile
underwater
with so many predators attacking from
all sides the advantage starts to shift
away from the sardines
[Music]
[Applause]
as the fish pack ever tighter they're
showing strategy now makes it easier for
the hunters
[Music]
[Applause]
copper sharks they've scented blood in
the water
[Music]
surprisingly perhaps the Predators never
attack one another they work together to
corral the ball of fish taking turns to
grab a mouthful
[Applause]
[Music]
common dolphins
as the show gets ever smaller each
sardine scrambles desperately to hide in
the middle but now there's no escape
[Music]
[Applause]
a brute as well finishes off the feast
tonnes of sardines devoured in less than
an hour there will be no easy meals on
this island walruses are the largest
seals in the world they weigh over a ton
and are armed with tusks a metre long
[Music]
exhausted from his friend the bear must
regain his strength
the next day a sea fog shrouds the
island the Wallis's sense that they're
in danger using the fog as cover the
bear approaches the herd
[Music]
the adults close ranks around their
young presenting a wall of blubber and
hi he tests the ban but it stands firm
it appears that the world's largest land
carnivore has met his match there must
be a in the armor somewhere
[Music]
here
this female walrus is shielding her
puppy if he can just prise her off
[Music]
the bear's claws and teeth can't
penetrate her thick hide
[Music]
with the herd retreating to water the
bear must move quickly
[Music]
having failed with one he heads straight
for another
[Music]
the chance of his first meal in months
is slipping away
[Music]
he seems increasingly desperate
it's now or never he must avoid the
stabbing tusks if he's to win
[Music]
the flailing walrus is immensely
powerful and drags the bear away from
the shallows towards the safety of the
herd
[Music]
it slips from his grasp
[Applause]
[Music]